Object-Oriented Programming; a programming paradigm in which problems are dealt with in terms of objects, and objects are used to organize a program; js120

Two Advantages of OOP; 1. easy to reason about (through abstraction), 2. easy to maintain (to decrease the number of dependencies); js120

Two Disadvantages of OOP; 1. OOP programs are often larger, 2. OOP programs are often less efficient (more memory, storage, and processing); js120

Encapsulation; the bundling together into a single structure of two things: 1. data (state), 2. operations on that data (behavior); js120

Two purposes of encapsulation; 1. It ensures that you don't perform an operation suited for one type of data on another type of data for which it is unsuited, 2. It provides a public interface for interacting with objects, and it hides and restricts access to implementation details, thereby preventing objects from being changed through improper channels.; js120

Full Method Syntax; behavior: function() {...},; js120

Compact Method Syntax; behavior() {...},; js120

`this` keyword; can be used in place of the variable name within method definitions, and thereby the method definition will work as expected regardless of the variable name; js120

collaborator object or collaborator; an object that is a state of another object and the latter object has a method that depends on that state; js120

object type; what it shared in common with other objects; js120

factory function / object factory; a function that creates and returns an object, and thereby can be used to create multiple objects of the same type that share the same kinds of states & behaviors; js120

Three steps to making an object-oriented program; 1. Write a description of the problem, 2. Identify important nouns & verbs, 3. Organize nouns & verbs.; js120

Engine in OOP; what coordinates the objects & their control flow; js120

Class inheritance; refers to how child objects inherit common properties and methods from a parent type.; js120

Benefit of class inheritance; it helps one avoid unwieldy code when different children have behavior that differs depending on a property of that object type.; js120

What is a dependency?; This exists when some bit of code depends on some other bit of code.; js120

How does OOP reduce dependencies?; It confines them to exist within a single class/object.; js120

How is collaboration different from dependency?; With collaboration, one object instructs another object to do something without depending on anything concerning the implementation details within the latter object. In contrast, with a dependency, the former object would look within the latter object and operate directly on the implementation details.; js120

---

eslint-disable-next-line error-abbreviation
